<<<<<<< HEAD
My name is Pancevolt Libourg Villehardain. I grew up in one of the many small nameless villages in the shadow of Caer Kilerth. As a child I quickly learned to align myself with the biggest, stupidest, most easily influenced bully I could find. But, I hear you ask - who is the bully now? The biggest, stupidest most easily influenced of all? I know the answer you expect - the Monarchy. But I'd ask you, my dear inquisitive friend - who appointed the king? Who is it that guides the old man's hand? That's right, The Mad Court. They'd tell you that only the pure of mind, those "cleansed of otherwordly attachment" may count themselves among their ranks. We all know that's a lie. Deception, trickery, these are the qualities of a member of the Mad Court. Perfect, then, for Pancevolt Libourg Villehardain.

They conspire against me. i'm not the only one to haave tasted oppertunity on my tounge. The Masters - Lumiere and his disciples. I know it now. I can sense their lies like a whisper/voice in my head. They know i can hear them, of course. Those fools think they can keep it/the pool/the lake of stars from me, but I keep my ear to the ground. Did they really think that something so powerful would be kept a secret from me? I'm developing a sixth sense, I dream secret dreams even as I wake. I find it hard to beleive that these siccophants really belive in the ideas, the philosophy; and yet here we are - surrounded by fools, gullible belivers.

I don't sleep, I only dream of the pool, of the stars, of watching lumiere drown in the blackness of the innermost chamber of the library. Something whispers/calls to me. A sixth sense. I dreamt of the pool again. The stars coalleced into a gem of pure glowing light. I reach into the inky water and grasp it. It fragments into infinite glowing particles. I wake. There is something wrong with my hand. It's nothing im sure. Probably an attempt to poison me. Or a trick. It whispers to me sometimes.

They know. I've asked one too many questions, snuck out one too many times, creeping through the shifting corridors. They're sending me away. A cleansed. Into the blight.

It will be fine. My hand told me.
=======
My name is Pancevolt Libourg Villehardain.

I don't sleep any more, I only dream of the pool, of the stars, of watching Lumiere gasp his last water logged breath in the blackness of this most infernal library's innermost chamber.
I've asked one too many questions, crept through the shifting corridors in the shadow of night once to many times for their liking. They begin to suspect. The Masters - Lumiere and his dicples. I know it now. I can sense their thoughts and fears in the back rooms of my mind.
They're sending me away. A cleansed. Into the blight.

Deception, trickery, these are the qualities of a member of the mad court. Perfect, then, for Pancevolt Libourg Villehardain. I find it hard to beleive that these siccophants really belive in the ideas, the philosophy; and yet here we are - surrounded by fools, gullible belivers. As a child you quickly learn to align yourself with the biggest, stupidest, most easily influenced brute you can find. In my mind, that bully is the Court. Potentially the only one left in this gods-forsaken world. A wise man once said that chaos is a ladder, an oppertunity. When has there ever been more chaos than now?

Even the court has it's snakes however - i'm not the only one to have tasted the scent of oppertunity on my forked tongue.  their lies like a whisper/voice in my head. I think they know i can hear them. Those fools think they can keep it/the pool/the lake of stars from me, but I keep my ear to the ground and my fingers in every pie from here to the fucking bottom of Caer Kilerth. Did they really think that something so powerful would be kept a secret from me?


I have something wrong with my hand. It's nothing im sure. Probably an attempt to poison me. Or a trick.
>>>>>>> e97198d5dd6a3717c15fd0848eebd0430ac6b254
